Adding Documents for v7.16.4 Pre-Built Detection Rules Integration Release (#2367)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/7-16-4/prebuilt-rule-7-16-4-gcp-logging-sink-deletion.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-7-16-4-gcp-logging-sink-deletion]]
=== GCP Logging Sink Deletion

> Identifies a Logging sink deletion in Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Every time a log entry arrives, Logging compares the log entry to the sinks in that resource. Each sink whose filter matches the log entry writes a copy of the log entry to the sink's export destination. An adversary may delete a Logging sink to evade detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies a logging sink deletion in Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Every time a log entry arrives, it's compared to the sinks in that resource. Each sink whose filter matches the log entry writes a copy of the log entry to the sink's export destination. An adversary may delete a logging sink to evade detection.
```
